---
title: Representing university module relations in a graph
description: The side project that gave me more than I bargained for.
pubDate: '22 Dec 2022'
tags: [algo]
draft: true
---

The National University of Singapore has a very well set-up website
that lists all current and past university modules called
[NUSMods][nusmods]. Each module is listed with lots of information,
but among all that information one bit captures my attention the most:
the Pre-requisite Tree.

A module's Pre-requisite Tree determines what preceeding modules are
required to be taken and cleared before being eligible for that module
itself.

The chosen data structure of NUSMods' API is recursive and strikingly
simple:

```js
type PrereqTree = string | { and: PrereqTree[] } | { or: PrereqTree[] }
```

A very simple tree would look like this:

```js
const CS2040: PrereqTree = 'CS1010'
```

Meaning that the module `CS2040` requires only one module to be done
first: `CS1010`.

The recursive structure easily allows for more complex module
requirements, such as CS3244:

```js
const CS3244: PrereqTree = {
  and: [
    { or: ['CS2010', 'CS2020', 'CS2040'] },
    { or: ['MA1101R', 'MA1311', 'MA1508E', 'MA1513'] },
    { or: ['MA1102R', 'MA1521', { or: ['MA1511', 'MA1512'] }] },
    { or: ['EE2012', 'EE2012A', 'MA2216', 'ST2131', 'ST2334'] },
  ],
}
```

Seems easy enough to work with. And so the idea of my side project is
this: to make use of the pre-requisite relations between modules to
derive optimal choices for the students. More precisely, one of our
goals is to let the user specify 3-4 high-level modules they want to
take before graduation, and the software will trace back what's an
ideal study plan to become eligible for all those modules in as short
a time frame as possible.

And so I started work. Pulling data from NUSMods was actually very
doable since the API is well-established, so minimal data-cleaning was
required.

Basic methods such as finding the minimum path to complete a single
Pre-requisite tree was easy enough too, and in fact it was very
concise. However, things started to get complicated when we tried to
find global minimum paths to complete a high-level module when
starting out with nothing done.

The two approaches we had were:

1. Merge all PrereqTrees into one large one containing all the modules
   we are concerned with, and then traverse it to find the shortest
   path from having nothing done
2. Represent the pre-requisite relationsn in a graph of nodes weighted
   by the semester intervals between modules taken.

When finding min-path on a tree, finding it when the tree is
guaranteed to not have duplicates is easy, because this property
allows for a divide-and-conquer approach. A min-path of a subtree will
always be part of the min-path of the entire tree.

However, if there are duplicates, doing one module may complete
muptiple child nodes of the tree, and discarding min-paths early on
may lead to non-optimum paths chosen. For this reason, min-paths with
duplicates must be chosen by scanning all possible paths first.

One possible alternatve to this is to check if the module exists
elsewhere in the tree.

Yet another possible method is to combine all modules into one large
pre-requisite tree with duplicates, and then apply a Dijkstra-like
algorithm on this tree. Possible next-steps are modules that are
eligible for.

And yet another method is to plan the modules sem by sem, resolving
modules from just that one combined prereqtree.

[nusmods]: https://nusmods.com/
