src/other-content/links.mdx, before:

Here are a list of notable websites/links I've accumulated over the years of
browsing the internet.

**Blog posts**

- [Terry Tao's Career Advice](https://terrytao.wordpress.com/career-advice/).
- [Don't delegate understanding](https://stephanango.com/understand/).
- [Division by zero in type theory: a FAQ](https://xenaproject.wordpress.com/2020/07/05/division-by-zero-in-type-theory-a-faq/).
- [Rust's match vs lookup tables](https://kevinlynagh.com/notes/match-vs-lookup/).

**Concepts that exist**

- [Hyrum's Law](https://hyrumslaw.com/): "With a sufficient number of users
  of an API, it does not matter what you promise in the contract: all observable
  behaviors of your system will be depended on by somebody."
- The [XY Problem](https://xyproblem.info/); asking about your attempted
  solution rather than your actual problem.

**Privacy/Cryptography**

- [drduh's Yubikey Guide](https://drduh.github.io/YubiKey-Guide/) ([github](https://github.com/drduh/YubiKey-Guide/)).
- [Passkeys](https://passkeys.com/)

**Design-related keeps**

- Fonts:
  - Monospaced:
    [JetBrains Mono](https://jetbrains.com/mono/),
    [Commit Mono](https://commitmono.com/),
  - Display:
    [IBM Plex](https://ibm.com/plex/),
    [Readex Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Readex+Pro/about/).
- [Iconify: home of open source icons](https://iconify.design/).

**Hobby stumble-upons**

- [Alex Medeot's Keyboard Vendor List](https://alexotos.com/keyboard-vendor-list/).
- [Accelerating Metronome](https://accelonome.com/).
- Need For Speed Abandonware ([reddit](https://reddit.com/r/abandonware/comments/zr41zu/)).

**Photo galleries**

- [Greg Martin](https://artofgregmartin.com/) <span class='text-ac1'>|</span> [Views Of The Pacific Northwest](https://viewsofthepnw.com/)
- [Alex Armitage](https://alexarmitage.com/)

**Cool personal sites**

- [muan.co](https://muan.co/), a consistent inspiration to this site since 2022.
- [dbushell.com](https://dbushell.com/), a website that commits to no AI
  content.
- [fberriman.com](https://fberriman.com/).

**Others**

- [Company acquisitions](https://ourincrediblejourney.tumblr.com/).
- [Anti JavaScript JavaScript Club](https://infrequently.org/stickers/).
- [Ghostty releases](https://ghostty.org/docs/install/release-notes/).
- [Kitty (terminal) releases](https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/changelog/).
- [Crafting Interpreters](https://craftinginterpreters.com/).
- Spatial Reasoning Puzzles ([website](https://codycubes.geody.games/), [reddit](https://reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/s/RpcRljeKLr/)).

Commit message:

Add git-crypt to cool links

src/other-content/links.mdx, after:

Here are a list of notable websites/links I've accumulated over the years of
browsing the internet.

**Blog posts**

- [Terry Tao's Career Advice](https://terrytao.wordpress.com/career-advice/).
- [Don't delegate understanding](https://stephanango.com/understand/).
- [Division by zero in type theory: a FAQ](https://xenaproject.wordpress.com/2020/07/05/division-by-zero-in-type-theory-a-faq/).
- [Rust's match vs lookup tables](https://kevinlynagh.com/notes/match-vs-lookup/).

**Concepts that exist**

- [Hyrum's Law](https://hyrumslaw.com/): "With a sufficient number of users
  of an API, it does not matter what you promise in the contract: all observable
  behaviors of your system will be depended on by somebody."
- The [XY Problem](https://xyproblem.info/); asking about your attempted
  solution rather than your actual problem.

**Privacy/Cryptography**

- [drduh's Yubikey Guide](https://drduh.github.io/YubiKey-Guide/) ([github](https://github.com/drduh/YubiKey-Guide/)).
- [Passkeys](https://passkeys.com/)

**Design-related keeps**

- Fonts:
  - Monospaced:
    [JetBrains Mono](https://jetbrains.com/mono/),
    [Commit Mono](https://commitmono.com/),
  - Display:
    [IBM Plex](https://ibm.com/plex/),
    [Readex Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Readex+Pro/about/).
- [Iconify: home of open source icons](https://iconify.design/).

**Hobby stumble-upons**

- [Alex Medeot's Keyboard Vendor List](https://alexotos.com/keyboard-vendor-list/).
- [Accelerating Metronome](https://accelonome.com/).
- Need For Speed Abandonware ([reddit](https://reddit.com/r/abandonware/comments/zr41zu/)).

**Photo galleries**

- [Greg Martin](https://artofgregmartin.com/) <span class='text-ac1'>|</span> [Views Of The Pacific Northwest](https://viewsofthepnw.com/)
- [Alex Armitage](https://alexarmitage.com/)

**Cool personal sites**

- [muan.co](https://muan.co/), a consistent inspiration to this site since 2022.
- [agwa.name](https://www.agwa.name/blog/), the creator of
  [`git-crypt`](https://www.agwa.name/projects/git-crypt/) and founder of
  [SSLMate](https://sslmate.com/).
- [dbushell.com](https://dbushell.com/), a website that commits to no AI
  content.
- [fberriman.com](https://fberriman.com/).

**Others**

- [Company acquisitions](https://ourincrediblejourney.tumblr.com/).
- [Anti JavaScript JavaScript Club](https://infrequently.org/stickers/).
- [Ghostty releases](https://ghostty.org/docs/install/release-notes/).
- [Kitty (terminal) releases](https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/changelog/).
- [Crafting Interpreters](https://craftinginterpreters.com/).
- Spatial Reasoning Puzzles ([website](https://codycubes.geody.games/), [reddit](https://reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/s/RpcRljeKLr/)).
